Let the group choose an emoji for you to add to your Instagram bio for 24 hours.
Post an old, embarrassing photo of yourself on your story for 1 hour.
Send a screenshot of your phone's home screen to the group.
Go live on Instagram for 1 minute and just wave at the camera.
Talk in a weird accent for the next 3 rounds.
Send a voice note of you singing your favorite song.
DM a celebrity "Do you believe in aliens?" and send a screenshot of it to the group.
Change your profile picture to a photo of a household appliance for a day.
Post a story with a poll asking a ridiculous question (e.g., "Is water wet?").
Wear socks on your hands for the next 10 minutes.
Try to lick your elbow.
Start your next 5 sentences in the group chat with "In my expert opinion...".
Text a random contact in your phone "I'm a unicorn".
Do your best impression of a chicken.
Balance a spoon on your nose for 1 minute.
Write a short, dramatic poem about the last thing you ate.
Let another player draw a mustache on your face with a pen.
Go outside and yell "I love Instagram bots!".
Comment on the oldest post of a friend with "I remember this day like it was yesterday."
Narrate your own actions out loud for the next 5 minutes.
Make a hat out of toilet paper and wear it for the rest of the game.
Text your mom "Just checking, are we still related?".
Speak in rhymes for the next 5 minutes.
Peel a banana using only your feet.
Do 10 pushups right now.
Let the group look through your phone's photo gallery for 1 minute.
Attempt to juggle 3 items of the group's choosing.
Post a story showing the ceiling and caption it "Feeling inspired."
Do your best breakdance move.
Pretend you're a news reporter and report on something in your room.
Eat a spoonful of a weird condiment from your fridge.
Call a friend and speak only in song lyrics until they hang up.
Let the group post a status or story on your behalf.
Find the oldest item in your fridge and present it to the group.
Try to put your whole fist in your mouth.
Send the last photo you took to the first person in your contact list with no context.
Talk to a plant for 2 minutes, giving it a pep talk.
Hop on one foot for a full minute.
Change someone's name in your phone to "The Supreme Leader".
Speak with your tongue sticking out for the next 3 minutes.
Pretend to be a fancy food critic reviewing a glass of water.
Draw a portrait of another player with your non-dominant hand.
Build a small fort out of pillows and blankets.
Walk backward for the next 2 minutes.
Let someone tickle you for 30 seconds.
Find the funniest YouTube video you can in 1 minute and share it.
Tell a joke. If no one laughs, you have to do another dare.
Let the group give you a new nickname that you have to use for the rest of the day.
Try to solve a Rubik's cube for 1 minute.
Stack cookies as high as you can in 30 seconds.
Go to a random person's Instagram and like their first 10 posts.
Drink a glass of water without using your hands.
Wear your shoes on the wrong feet for 10 minutes.
Act like a monkey until your next turn.
Sing the alphabet backward in a voice note.
Invent a new, weird handshake with another player.
Try to make another player laugh. You have 1 minute.
Open your front door and sing a line from a song loudly.
Lick a lemon slice without making a face.
Wear your shirt inside out for the rest of the game.
Text the 5th person in your contact list a weird animal fact.
Make up a 30-second rap about another player.
Use only your elbows to type your next message in the group chat.
Ask Siri or Google Assistant a really personal question out loud.
Let the group choose a word you're not allowed to say for 10 minutes.
Try to put on a t-shirt without using your hands.
Eat a raw, safe-to-eat vegetable from the fridge.
Do an impression of a famous celebrity.
Post "I'm secretly a wizard" as your Facebook status.
Let another player style your hair in a ridiculous way.
Pretend you're an auctioneer and sell an object in the room.
Hold a plank for as long as you can.
Make a piece of origami.
Wear a piece of clothing as a hat.
Text your best friend and ask them to define "flummoxed".
Send a GIF to the last person you texted. The GIF must be the first one that appears when you type your name.
Apply chapstick like lipstick, all around your mouth.
Do the worm.
Put ice cubes down your shirt and see how long you can last.
Let someone write a word on your forehead in marker.
Talk without moving your lips for your next 3 sentences.
Act like a cat and demand to be petted.
Try to say "supercalifragilisticexpialidocious" backward.
Tell the group about your most embarrassing moment.
Take a selfie with the ugliest face you can make.
Text someone "I'm running away to join the circus." and see how they reply.
Try to write your name in the air with your foot.
Let the group pick a song for you to listen to on repeat for 10 minutes.
Act out a scene from your favorite movie.
Send a voice note to the group where you're crying dramatically for 10 seconds.
Spin around 10 times and then try to walk in a straight line.
Read the last text you sent out loud in a dramatic voice.
Put on as many layers of clothing as you can in 1 minute.
Use a cheesy pickup line on another player.
Tell a secret that you've never told anyone before.
Let the group look at your most used emojis.
Go to your kitchen and mix three different liquids together and pretend to drink it.
Act out what you think you look like when you're sleeping.
Let another player give you a wet willie.
Try to make a fart noise with your armpit.
Say the alphabet with a mouthful of crackers or water.
Let the group go through your TikTok 'For You' page for 1 minute.
Call a pizza place and ask them if they sell tacos.
Do a magic trick.
Pretend to be a flight attendant and do the safety instructions.
Let the group choose a new contact photo for you for one of their numbers.
Remove your socks with your teeth.
Let the group choose an Instagram filter for your next story.
Try to open a door with your feet.
Pretend to be a secret agent for the next 5 minutes, whispering into your "watch".
Let the group hide an object in the room and you have to find it.
Use your nose to type out a message.
Make a promise to the group that you have to keep.
Act like you are a dog and play fetch with a crumpled piece of paper.
Let the group see the last thing you searched for on your phone.
Wear your pants backward for the next 10 minutes.
Hold a funny face for 1 minute without laughing.
Tell the group your biggest pet peeve.
Let another player send one text from your phone to anyone they choose.
Paint your fingernails with a marker.
Let the group rename your Wi-Fi network for a day.
Try to do a cartwheel.
Give a 1-minute speech on a topic chosen by the group.
Act like a T-Rex for 1 minute.
Imitate another player in the group until they guess who it is.
Let the group choose a famous person for you to impersonate for the next 5 minutes.
Take a bite out of a raw onion.
Let the group write a funny comment on your most recent Instagram post.
Try to breakdance for 30 seconds.
Wear a funny hat for the rest of the game.
Let the group create a funny handshake that you must use with everyone.
Fill your mouth with marshmallows and say "chubby bunny".
Let someone pour a cup of cold water on your head.
Let the group create a silly dance for you to perform.
Sing everything you say for the next 10 minutes.
Let the group give you a piggyback ride around the room.
Let the group call a random contact from your phone.
Let someone wrap you in toilet paper.
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce.
Let the group look through your text messages for 1 minute.
Let the group give you a makeover.
Let someone draw on your face with lipstick.
Go outside and dance like a chicken.
Let the group decide what you have to eat for your next meal.
Let someone put makeup on you while you are blindfolded.
Let the group choose a funny video for you to recreate.
Let the group send a funny picture of you to your family group chat.
Let the group read your last DM conversation out loud.
Let the group give you a new hairstyle.
Go up to a stranger and ask for a high-five.
Let the group choose a song for you to sing in public.
Let someone crack an egg on your head.
Let the group choose a food for you to eat in a weird way.
Wear a sign that says "I love my mom" for an hour.
Let the group choose a movie for you to watch on repeat for 24 hours.
Let the group cover you in stickers.
Let someone give you a wedgie.
Let the group write a song about you and you have to sing it.
Let the group choose a weird outfit for you to wear for the rest of the day.
Let someone shave a small part of your leg.
Let the group prank call one of your friends.
Let the group put you in a timeout for 5 minutes.
Let someone put a leash on you and walk you like a dog.
Let the group give you a list of embarrassing things to do in public.
Let the group make you a "human sundae" with toppings.
Let the group give you a funny haircut.
Let the group write a funny message on your car with window markers.
Let the group take over your social media for an hour.
Eat a baby food that the group chooses.
Post your most unflattering selfie on your main feed.
Change your relationship status to "it's complicated" for an hour.
Use a baby voice for the next 15 minutes.
Let the group compose a tweet for you to post.
Act out a popular meme.
Serenade the person to your right.
Let someone else control your Instagram account for 5 minutes.
Find the weirdest thing in your room and have a conversation with it.
Speak only in questions for the next 10 minutes.
Try to fold a fitted sheet perfectly.
Wear your underwear on the outside of your pants.
Message your crush with only emojis.
Tell the group what you would do if you were the opposite gender for a day.
Let the group see your saved posts on Instagram.
Call a restaurant and ask for their recipe for water.
Put on a blindfold and try to guess objects by touch.
Pretend you're a motivational speaker for 2 minutes.
Let the group write a temporary tattoo on you.
Use your phone with your nose until your next turn.
Re-enact a scene from a children's TV show.
Give a tour of your house, pretending it's a museum.
Wear mismatched socks on your hands.
Try to say "toy boat" ten times fast.
Put on a puppet show with your hands.
Pretend to be a secret admirer and write a note to another player.
Let the group create a short commercial where you are the main actor.
Brush your teeth with your non-dominant hand.
Try to hula hoop for one minute straight.
Put on lipstick and try to not get it on your teeth.
Let the group challenge you to a staring contest.
Talk about yourself in the third person for 10 minutes.
Tell the group your most irrational fear.
Let the group decide on a silly walk for you to do.
Try to rap the lyrics to "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star".
Use a British accent for the rest of the game.
Let the group go through your TikTok drafts.
Message a friend and ask them what their favorite type of potato is.
Eat a spoonful of sugar.
Let the group send an email from your account to a random contact.
Try to do a headstand.
Pretend to be a superhero and describe your powers.
Let the group choose a food for you to eat without using your hands.
Wear a cape (a towel or blanket) for the rest of the game.
Try to whistle with a mouth full of crackers.
Let the group give you a "word of the day" that you have to use in every sentence.
Pretend you're in a slow-motion movie for 1 minute.
Let the group challenge you to a thumb war.
Try to guess a song that another player hums.
Wear a blindfold and have the group guide you around the room.
Let the group make up a rumor about you and you have to act like it's true.
Try to name a country for every letter of the alphabet.
Let the group see the oldest picture in your camera roll.
Pretend to be a fortune teller and predict another player's future.
Let the group give you a "secret mission" that you have to complete.
Try to write a song using only 5 words.
Let the group dare you to do something in your backyard.
Pretend to be a dog and beg for a treat.
Let the group challenge you to a game of rock, paper, scissors, best of 5.
Try to keep a straight face while the other players try to make you laugh.
Let the group pick a random YouTube video for you to watch.
Pretend to be a chef and describe how to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.
Let the group choose a weird food combination for you to try.
Try to do the moonwalk.
Let the group create a story and you have to act it out.
Pretend to be a statue for 2 minutes.
Let the group choose an animal for you to impersonate.
Try to say the alphabet backward as fast as you can.
Let the group decide on a funny face for you to make in a group photo.
Pretend to be a robot that is malfunctioning.
Let the group give you a funny new name to respond to.
Try to build a house of cards.
Let the group choose a random object for you to sell like a salesperson.
Pretend to be a mime for 5 minutes.
Let the group challenge you to a staring contest with a pet.
Try to catch a piece of popcorn in your mouth.
Let the group choose a filter for you to use on your next video call.
Pretend to be a fashion model and do a catwalk.
Let the group write a funny review of you as a person.
Try to make a shadow puppet on the wall.
Let the group choose a song for you to dance to.
Pretend to be a teacher and give a lesson on a silly subject.
Let the group give you a funny topic to talk about for 1 minute without stopping.
Try to fold a piece of paper more than 7 times.
Let the group choose a character for you to act like until your next turn.
Pretend to be an alien who has just landed on Earth.
Let the group hide your phone and you have to find it.
Try to tell a story using only hand gestures.
Let the group choose a silly hat for you to wear.
Pretend to be a ghost and "haunt" the room.
Let the group create a funny playlist for you to listen to.
Try to say a tongue twister 5 times fast.
Let the group choose a funny walk for you to do every time you get up.
Pretend to be a baby for 5 minutes.
Let the group give you a "secret identity" that you have to act out.
Try to make a bridge out of books.
Let the group choose a topic for you to debate against yourself.
Pretend to be a rock star and give an acceptance speech.
Let the group create a funny obstacle course for you to complete.
Try to say "I love you" to a stranger without laughing.
Let the group choose a random word for you to define.
Pretend to be a mad scientist creating a potion.
Let the group give you a funny phrase to use as your catchphrase.
Try to do a handstand against a wall.
Let the group choose a movie quote for you to use in every conversation.
Pretend to be a tour guide of your own house.
Let the group create a funny nickname for your pet.
Try to balance a book on your head and walk across the room.
Let the group choose a weird object for you to carry around for 10 minutes.
Pretend to be a game show host.
Let the group give you a "superpower" that you have to act out.
Try to eat a cookie off your forehead without using your hands.
Let the group choose a funny sound for you to make every time someone says your name.
Pretend to be a detective and solve a fake mystery in the room.
Let the group create a funny commercial for a random product.
Try to spin a basketball on your finger.
Let the group choose a random contact for you to FaceTime.
Pretend to be a weather reporter giving a forecast for your room.
Let the group give you a funny "alter ego" to act as.
Try to make a dolphin sound.
Let the group choose a song for you to lip-sync to.
Pretend to be a character from a video game.
Let the group create a funny "wanted" poster for you.
Try to do a somersault.
Let the group choose a funny pose for you to hold for 1 minute.
Pretend to be a race car driver in a chair.
Let the group give you a funny "secret agent" name.
Try to make a sound like a trumpet.
Let the group choose a funny meme for you to recreate.
Pretend to be a king or queen and give orders to your "subjects".
Let the group create a funny "theme song" for you.
Try to talk with your teeth clenched for 5 minutes.
Let the group choose a random object for you to have a conversation with.
Pretend to be a superhero who just discovered their powers.
Let the group give you a funny "spirit animal".
Try to do the floss dance.
Let the group choose a funny GIF to represent you.
Pretend to be a stand-up comedian and tell 3 jokes.
Let the group create a funny "signature move" for you.
Try to walk on your hands.
Let the group choose a funny background for your next video call.
Pretend to be a character from a fairy tale.
Let the group give you a funny "catchphrase" to say all the time.
Try to do a magic trick with a coin.
Let the group choose a funny picture for your phone's wallpaper.
Pretend to be a contestant on a reality TV show.
Let the group create a funny "superhero costume" for you out of household items.
Try to say "unique New York" ten times fast.
Let the group choose a funny video for you to dub over.
Pretend to be a news anchor reporting on a silly event.
Let the group give you a funny "secret handshake".
Try to do a split.
Let the group choose a funny filter for you to use on Snapchat.
Pretend to be a character from a cartoon.
Let the group create a funny "family portrait" with you making a silly face.
Try to juggle scarves.
Let the group choose a funny sound effect for you to make.
Pretend to be a chef on a cooking show.
Let the group give you a funny "title" like "King of Silliness".
Try to do a backbend.
Let the group choose a funny dance move for you to do.
Pretend to be a character from a book.
Let the group create a funny "meme" about you.
Try to do a pirouette.
Let the group choose a funny prop for you to use in a photo.
Pretend to be a rock star giving a concert.
Let the group give you a funny "catchphrase" to yell.
Try to do a handstand without a wall.
Let the group choose a funny hat for you to make and wear.
Pretend to be a character from a Shakespeare play.
Let the group create a funny "jingle" for you to sing.
Try to do a front flip.
Let the group choose a funny object for you to balance on your head.
Pretend to be a famous artist painting a masterpiece.
Let the group give you a funny "superhero name".
Try to do a backflip.
Let the group choose a funny background for a green screen effect.
Pretend to be a character from a myth or legend.
Let the group create a funny "parody" of a song with you as the singer.
Try to do a one-handed pushup.
Let the group choose a funny voice for you to use for 10 minutes.
Pretend to be a famous scientist making a discovery.
Let the group give you a funny "motto" to live by for a day.
Try to do a muscle-up.
Let the group choose a funny costume for you to wear.
Pretend to be a famous historical figure.
Let the group create a funny "trailer" for a movie about your life.
Try to do a human flag.
Let the group choose a funny sound to be your text notification for a day.
Pretend to be a famous philosopher giving a lecture.
Let the group give you a funny "award" for something silly.
Try to do a planche.
Let the group choose a funny app for you to download and try.
Pretend to be a famous director making a movie.
Let the group create a funny "roast" of you.
Try to do a handstand pushup.
Let the group choose a funny YouTube channel for you to subscribe to.
Pretend to be a famous explorer on an expedition.
Let the group give you a funny "secret code name".
Try to do a pistol squat.
Let the group choose a funny podcast for you to listen to.
Pretend to be a famous musician composing a symphony.
Let the group create a funny "highlight reel" of your best moments.
Try to do a V-sit.
Let the group choose a funny game for you to play.
Pretend to be a famous inventor creating a new gadget.
Let the group give you a funny "alter ego" name.
Try to do a L-sit.
Let the group choose a funny website for you to visit.
Pretend to be a famous writer writing a novel.
Let the group create a funny "bloopers" reel of your mistakes.
Try to do a straddle press to handstand.
Let the group choose a funny emoji to be your "signature emoji".
Pretend to be a famous actor in a dramatic scene.
Let the group give you a funny "catchphrase" to say after every sentence.
Try to do a full back lever.
Let the group choose a funny video game character for you to act like.
Pretend to be a famous chef creating a new dish.
Let the group create a funny "fan page" for you on social media.
Try to do a front lever.
Let the group choose a funny filter to use on your face for 10 minutes.
Pretend to be a famous singer at a concert.
Let the group give you a funny "nickname" based on your personality.
Try to do a maltese.
Let the group choose a funny song to be your alarm in the morning.
Pretend to be a famous dancer in a performance.
Let the group create a funny "mockumentary" about your life.
Try to do an iron cross.
Let the group choose a funny meme to be your profile picture for a day.
Pretend to be a famous comedian telling a joke.
Let the group give you a funny "secret talent" to show off.
Try to do a one-arm pull-up.
Let the group choose a funny video to send to your best friend.
Pretend to be a famous magician performing a trick.
Let the group create a funny "tribute" video for you.
Try to do a dragon flag.
Let the group choose a funny GIF to send to your family.
Pretend to be a famous athlete in a competition.
Let the group give you a funny "superpower" that has a silly weakness.
Try to do a tiger bend pushup.
Let the group choose a funny picture to be your phone's lock screen.
Pretend to be a famous artist creating a sculpture.
Let the group create a funny "remix" of a song with your voice.
Try to do a shrimp squat.
Let the group choose a funny YouTube video to watch on loop for 10 minutes.
Pretend to be a famous scientist giving a presentation.
Let the group give you a funny "catchphrase" to say when you enter a room.
Try to do a Nordic ham curl.
Let the group choose a funny app to use for your next social media post.
Pretend to be a famous director shooting a scene.
Let the group create a funny "parody" of a movie trailer with you as the star.
Try to do a sissy squat.
Let the group choose a funny filter to use on your next Instagram story.
Pretend to be a famous philosopher debating a silly topic.
Let the group give you a funny "award" for the most embarrassing moment.
Try to do a zercher squat.
Let the group choose a funny website to be your homepage for a day.
Pretend to be a famous musician playing an instrument.
Let the group create a funny "mashup" of your favorite songs.
Try to do a Jefferson curl.
Let the group choose a funny game to play on your phone.
Pretend to be a famous inventor showing off a wacky invention.
Let the group give you a funny "alter ego" with a backstory.
Try to do a Romanian deadlift with a household object.
Let the group choose a funny YouTube video to act out.
Pretend to be a famous writer reading a silly poem.
Let the group create a funny "bloopers" reel of your life.
Try to do a Bulgarian split squat on a chair.
Let the group choose a funny emoji to use in every text for an hour.
Pretend to be a famous actor giving an acceptance speech for a silly award.
Let the group give you a funny "catchphrase" to say when you leave a room.
Try to do a glute bridge with a heavy book on your hips.
Let the group choose a funny video game character to be your avatar for a day.
Pretend to be a famous chef hosting a cooking show with imaginary ingredients.
Let a friend post an embarrassing picture of you.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Let the group text a random person from your contacts.
Wear your clothes backward for the rest of the day.
Let a friend give you a new hairstyle.
Sing a song chosen by the group in a public place.
Let a friend tickle you for one minute straight.
Let the group look through your search history for one minute.
Let a friend write a status on your social media.
Go outside and do the chicken dance.
Let a friend put makeup on you blindfolded.
Let the group choose a food for you to eat without using your hands.
Let a friend prank call someone from your contacts.
Let the group give you a silly nickname to use for the day.
Let a friend wrap you in toilet paper like a mummy.
Let a friend draw a funny picture on your face with a non-permanent marker.
Let the group take over your playlist for an hour.
Let a friend choose an outfit for you to wear.
Let the group make you do a silly walk everywhere you go.
Let a friend challenge you to a staring contest.
Let the group give you a funny phrase to say in every conversation.
Let a friend hide your phone and you have to find it.
Let the group choose a silly hat for you to wear all day.
Let a friend make a funny video of you and post it.
Let the group choose a funny dance for you to do.
Let a friend give you a "secret mission" to complete.
Let the group dare you to talk to a stranger.
Let a friend make up a silly rule that you have to follow.
Let the group choose a funny animal for you to impersonate.
Let a friend challenge you to a game of truth or dare.
Let the group give you a funny topic to talk about for two minutes straight.
Let a friend make a funny playlist for you to listen to.
Let the group choose a funny character for you to act like.
Let a friend give you a funny new catchphrase.
Let the group create a funny obstacle course for you.
Let a friend challenge you to a thumb war.
Let the group choose a funny background for your phone.
Let a friend make a funny commercial starring you.
Let the group choose a silly walk for you.
Let a friend give you a funny superpower to act out.
Let the group choose a funny song for you to lip-sync.
Let a friend make a funny meme about you.
Let the group choose a silly prop for you to use in pictures.
Let a friend give you a funny title.
Let the group choose a silly dance move for you to do.
Let a friend make a funny jingle about you.
Let the group choose a silly object for you to balance on your head.
Let a friend give you a funny superhero name.
Let the group choose a silly background for your video calls.
Let a friend make a funny parody song about you.
Let the group choose a silly voice for you to use.
Let a friend give you a funny motto.
Let the group choose a silly costume for you to wear.
Let a friend make a funny trailer for a movie about you.
Let the group choose a silly sound for your text notifications.
Let a friend give you a funny award.
Let the group choose a silly app for you to download.
Let a friend make a funny roast of you.
Let the group choose a silly YouTube channel for you to watch.
Let a friend give you a funny secret code name.
Let the group choose a silly podcast for you to listen to.
Let a friend make a funny highlight reel of you.
Let the group choose a silly game for you to play.
Let a friend give you a funny alter ego name.
Let the group choose a silly website for you to visit.
Let a friend make a funny bloopers reel of you.
Let the group choose a silly emoji to be your signature emoji.
Let a friend give you a funny catchphrase to say after every sentence.
Let the group choose a silly video game character for you to act as.
Let a friend make a funny fan page for you.
Let the group choose a silly filter to use on your face.
Let a friend give you a funny nickname based on your personality.
Let the group choose a silly song to be your morning alarm.
Let a friend make a mockumentary about you.
Let the group choose a silly meme to be your profile picture.
Let a friend give you a funny secret talent to show off.
Let the group choose a silly video to send to your best friend.
Let a friend make a tribute video for you.
Let the group choose a silly GIF to send to your family.
Let a friend give you a funny superpower with a silly weakness.
Let the group choose a silly picture to be your phone's lock screen.
Let a friend make a remix of a song with your voice.
Let the group choose a silly YouTube video to watch on repeat.
Let a friend give you a funny catchphrase to say when you enter a room.
Let the group choose a silly app to use for your next post.
Let a friend make a parody of a movie trailer starring you.
Let the group choose a silly filter for your next Instagram story.
Let a friend give you a funny award for your most embarrassing moment.
Let the group choose a silly website to be your homepage.
Let a friend make a mashup of your favorite songs.
Let the group choose a silly game to play on your phone.
Let a friend give you a funny alter ego with a backstory.
Let the group choose a silly YouTube video to act out.
Let a friend make a bloopers reel of your life.
Let the group choose a silly emoji to use in every text for the next hour.
Let a friend give you a funny catchphrase to say when you leave a room.
Let the group choose a silly video game character to be your avatar.
Pretend your hand is a famous celebrity and interview it.
Use a fork to eat your next meal, no matter what it is.
Wear your socks over your shoes.
Try to paint a picture using condiments as paint.
Have a conversation with an inanimate object for 2 minutes.
Only communicate using charades for the next 10 minutes.
Pretend you are a secret agent and everything is part of a mission.
Put on a blindfold and have someone feed you a mystery food.
Let the group create a new dance move for you and you must perform it.
Speak in a language you don't know for the next 5 minutes.
Pretend your fingers are a family and make them talk to each other.
Try to eat an apple without using your hands.
Wear a funny wig for the rest of the game.
Pretend to be a weatherperson forecasting the weather in your room.
Create a new holiday and explain its traditions.
Try to write a poem about the color blue.
Pretend to be a superhero whose only power is to make toast perfectly.
Let the group give you a secret that you have to try and work into every conversation.
Try to make a hat out of a newspaper.
Pretend to be a dog and try to catch your tail.
Let the group choose a silly song that you have to have as your ringtone for a week.
Try to tell a scary story using a funny voice.
Pretend to be a robot that can only say 'beep boop'.
Let the group create a secret handshake that you have to do with everyone you meet.
Try to make a sandwich while wearing oven mitts.
Pretend to be a ghost that is afraid of everything.
Let the group choose a silly thing for you to have in your pocket at all times.
Try to draw a self-portrait with your eyes closed.
Pretend to be a mad scientist who has just made a great discovery.
Let the group choose a funny word that you have to say at the end of every sentence.
Try to build the tallest tower you can out of marshmallows and toothpicks.
Pretend to be a famous chef who is very picky about their food.
Let the group choose a funny sound that you have to make every time you laugh.
Try to write a letter to your future self.
Pretend to be a king or queen who has lost their crown.
Let the group choose a funny gesture that you have to do every time you say hello.
Try to make a piece of jewelry out of paper clips.
Pretend to be a detective who is trying to solve the mystery of the missing sock.
Let the group choose a funny dance that you have to do every time you hear music.
Try to make a puppet out of a sock.
Pretend to be a famous artist who only paints with their feet.
Let the group choose a funny face that you have to make every time you take a picture.
Try to write a story about a talking animal.
Pretend to be a pirate who is looking for buried treasure.
Let the group choose a funny way for you to answer the phone.
Try to make a musical instrument out of household items.
Pretend to be a secret agent who is trying to blend in.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say every time you sneeze.
Try to create a new recipe using only three ingredients.
Pretend to be a superhero who is afraid of heights.
Let the group choose a funny way for you to walk.
Try to make a self-portrait out of food.
Pretend to be a famous singer who has lost their voice.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do every time you see a certain color.
Try to write a song about your favorite food.
Pretend to be a ghost who is trying to be friendly.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say to the next person you see.
Try to create a new board game.
Pretend to be a robot who is trying to learn how to be human.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to wear on your head.
Try to write a play about your life.
Pretend to be a mad scientist who is trying to take over the world.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do with your hands.
Try to create a new language.
Pretend to be a famous chef who only cooks with a microwave.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are surprised.
Try to write a book about your pet.
Pretend to be a king or queen who is very clumsy.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are bored.
Try to create a new dance move.
Pretend to be a detective who is always wrong.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are happy.
Try to write a movie script.
Pretend to be a pirate who is afraid of water.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are sad.
Try to create a new type of art.
Pretend to be a secret agent who is very bad at their job.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are angry.
Try to write a comic strip.
Pretend to be a superhero who is always late.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are tired.
Try to create a new invention.
Pretend to be a famous singer who can't sing.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are confused.
Try to write a biography of a friend.
Pretend to be a ghost who likes to play pranks.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are scared.
Try to create a new holiday.
Pretend to be a robot who is in love.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are excited.
Try to write a TV show.
Pretend to be a mad scientist who is actually very nice.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are thinking.
Try to create a new video game.
Pretend to be a famous chef who is allergic to food.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are embarrassed.
Try to write a children's book.
Pretend to be a king or queen who is very silly.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are in a hurry.
Try to create a new app.
Pretend to be a detective who is also a ghost.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being serious.
Try to write a musical.
Pretend to be a pirate who is also a chef.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are being quiet.
Try to create a new type of clothing.
Pretend to be a secret agent who is also a superhero.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being loud.
Try to write a screenplay.
Pretend to be a superhero who is also a mad scientist.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are being lazy.
Try to create a new type of food.
Pretend to be a famous singer who is also a secret agent.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being productive.
Try to write a novel.
Pretend to be a ghost who is also a detective.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are being creative.
Try to create a new type of music.
Pretend to be a robot who is also a pirate.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being logical.
Try to write a collection of short stories.
Pretend to be a mad scientist who is also a king or queen.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are being emotional.
Try to create a new form of entertainment.
Pretend to be a famous chef who is also a ghost.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being mysterious.
Try to write a series of poems.
Pretend to be a king or queen who is also a robot.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are being adventurous.
Try to create a new type of sport.
Pretend to be a detective who is also a famous singer.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being cautious.
Try to write a travel blog.
Pretend to be a pirate who is also a superhero.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are being spontaneous.
Try to create a new type of dance.
Pretend to be a secret agent who is also a mad scientist.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being predictable.
Try to write a memoir.
Pretend to be a superhero who is also a ghost.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are being unpredictable.
Try to create a new type of art form.
Pretend to be a famous singer who is also a robot.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being organized.
Try to write a history of your family.
Pretend to be a ghost who is also a king or queen.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are being messy.
Try to create a new type of technology.
Pretend to be a robot who is also a famous chef.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being tidy.
Try to write a book of jokes.
Pretend to be a mad scientist who is also a pirate.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are being clean.
Try to create a new type of vehicle.
Pretend to be a famous chef who is also a detective.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being dirty.
Try to write a fantasy novel.
Pretend to be a king or queen who is also a secret agent.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are being formal.
Try to create a new type of building.
Pretend to be a detective who is also a mad scientist.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being informal.
Try to write a science fiction novel.
Pretend to be a pirate who is also a ghost.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are being polite.
Try to create a new type of furniture.
Pretend to be a secret agent who is also a robot.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being rude.
Try to write a mystery novel.
Pretend to be a superhero who is also a king or queen.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are being kind.
Try to create a new type of plant.
Pretend to be a famous singer who is also a mad scientist.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being mean.
Try to write a horror novel.
Pretend to be a ghost who is also a superhero.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to do when you are being generous.
Try to create a new type of animal.
Pretend to be a robot who is also a secret agent.
Let the group choose a funny thing for you to say when you are being selfish.