If laughter is the best medicine, {user}'s face must be curing the world.
I'm not saying {user} is dumb, but they would need a GPS to find the ground.
{user} is the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Mirrors can't talk. Lucky for {user}, they can't laugh either.
I'd agree with {user}, but then we’d both be wrong.
{user} brings everyone a lot of joy. You know, when they leave the room.
Someday {user} will go far. And I really hope they stay there.
I'm not saying I hate you, but I would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
If I wanted to kill myself, I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You're not stupid; you just have bad luck when thinking.
Don't worry, the first 40 years of childhood are always the hardest.
I'd agree with you but then we'd both be wrong.
You have your entire life to be a jerk. Why not take today off?
Your secrets are always safe with me. I never even listen when you tell me them.
I was going to give you a nasty look, but I see you already have one.
Were you born on a highway? Because that's where most accidents happen.
I'm jealous of people who don't know you.
You're like a software update. Whenever I see you, I think "not now."
You're the human version of a participation trophy.
Some day you'll go far. And I really hope you stay there.
I'd explain it to you, but I don't have any crayons.
The last time I saw a face like yours, I fed it a banana.
I love what you've done with your hair. How do you get it to come out of the nostrils like that?
You're not the dumbest person on the planet, but you'd better hope they don't die.
I don't have the time or the crayons to explain this to you.
Whoever told you to be yourself gave you some really bad advice.
You're like a broken pencil... pointless.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
You're the reason God created the middle finger.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
I'd call you a tool, but even they serve a purpose.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
I'd roast you, but my mom told me not to burn trash.
You sound better with your mouth closed.
You have a face for radio.
If you were any less intelligent, we'd have to water you.
You're so ugly, when you were born, the doctor slapped your mother.
You're not pretty enough to be that dumb.
Is your brain made of sponges? Because it seems to soak everything up and get nothing out.
You're the reason they put instructions on shampoo bottles.
You're so dense, light bends around you.
I've been called worse by better people.
Don't be ashamed of who you are. That's your parents' job.
You're living proof that evolution can go in reverse.
I'm not a proctologist, but I know an asshole when I see one.
You're about as useful as a screen door on a submarine.
I thought of you today. It reminded me to take out the trash.
You're like the first slice of bread in the bag: everyone touches you, but nobody wants you.
You're so poor, you can't even pay attention.
If ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
You're the type of person to search for a video on how to read.
Zombies eat brains. You're safe.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
You're so ugly, you made an onion cry.
You're so stupid, you tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order.
You're so lazy, you've got a black belt in doing nothing.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
You must have been born in a zoo, because you're a real animal.
You're so fat, when you wear a yellow raincoat, people yell "taxi!"
You're so old, you've got a separate birth certificate for your wrinkles.
You're so ugly, your portraits hang themselves.
You're so stupid, you think Taco Bell is a Mexican phone company.
You're so poor, your family ate cereal with a fork to save milk.
You're so fat, your blood type is Ragu.
You're so short, you can play handball on the curb.
You're so ugly, you have to trick-or-treat over the phone.
You're so stupid, you got hit by a parked car.
You're so lazy, you think a two-minute warning is a nap-time alert.
You're so fat, you have to iron your clothes on the driveway.
You're so old, when you were in school, there was no history class.
You're so ugly, you look like you've been bobbing for French fries.
You're so stupid, you thought a quarterback was a refund.
You're so poor, burglars break in and leave money.
You're so fat, you fell in love and broke it.
You're so short, you have to look up to look down.
You're so ugly, you could be a modern art masterpiece.
You're so stupid, you studied for a blood test.
You're so lazy, you call exercise "exorcise" because you think it's a demon.
You're so fat, your belly button gets home 15 minutes before you do.
You're so old, your birth certificate says "expired."
You're so ugly, you went to a haunted house and came out with a job application.
You're so stupid, you returned a donut because it had a hole in it.
You're so poor, you wave at the garbage truck on payday.
You're so fat, when you sit around the house, you REALLY sit around the house.
You're so short, you model for garden gnomes.
You're so ugly, you scare blind people.
You're so stupid, you thought "fortnight" was a type of castle.
You're so lazy, your favorite sport is sleeping.
You're so fat, even your shadow has stretch marks.
You're so old, you knew the Big Dipper when it was just a little cup.
You're so ugly, the government moved Halloween to your birthday.
You're so stupid, you tried to build a snowman with rain.
You're so poor, you chase the garbage truck with a shopping list.
You're so fat, you need a map to find your own lap.
You're so short, you can sit on a dime and your feet still won't touch the ground.
You're so ugly, you have to sneak up on a glass of water.
You're so stupid, you thought a synonym was a spice.
You're so lazy, you get out of breath playing chess.
You're so fat, your Patronus is a cake.
You're so old, your social security number is 1.
You're so ugly, you made a blind kid cry.
You're so stupid, you thought Dunkin' Donuts was a basketball team.
You're so poor, you have a nervous breakdown when the Dollar Store raises its prices.
You're so fat, when you go to the beach, Greenpeace tries to push you back into the ocean.
You're so short, you use a ladder to get on the toilet.
You're so ugly, you look like your face caught on fire and someone tried to put it out with a fork.
You're so stupid, you put a ruler on your bed to see how long you slept.
You're so lazy, you think manual labor is a Mexican president.
You're so fat, your high school picture was an aerial photograph.
You're so old, you have a copyright on the alphabet.
You're so ugly, you could make a train take a dirt road.
You're so stupid, you thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court.
You're so poor, you wash paper plates.
You're so fat, you have to use a boomerang to put your belt on.
You're so short, you can see the future by looking at people's ankles.
You're so ugly, you'd make a great paper bag model.
You're so stupid, you think a "screenshot" is a picture you take with a gun.
You're so lazy, your spirit animal is a sloth on a tranquilizer.
You're so fat, you don't have a waistline, you have a time zone.
You're so old, your first pet was in a museum.
You're so ugly, you give Freddy Krueger nightmares.
You're so stupid, you thought a "menu" was a list of men.
You're so poor, you think a "quarterback" is a homeless person's shelter.
You're so fat, you leave stretch marks on the water when you swim.
You're so short, you have to use a pogo stick to get off the curb.
You're so ugly, you could be the "before" picture for a car wreck.
You're so stupid, you think "HDMI" is a new type of martial art.
You're so lazy, your idea of a workout is running out of excuses.
You're so fat, you use the Equator as a belt.
You're so old, you owe Moses a dollar.
You're so ugly, you make onions cry.
You're so stupid, you think "USB" is the United States of Bacon.
You're so poor, you have to go to KFC to lick other people's fingers.
You're so fat, when you walk, you do the Harlem Shake by yourself.
You're so short, you have to get your pants hemmed at the knee.
You're so ugly, you could scare a ghost.
You're so stupid, you think "Bluetooth" is a dental problem.
You're so lazy, your favorite exercise is a cross between a lunge and a crunch... you call it "lunch."
You're so fat, your baby pictures were taken by a satellite.
You're so old, your memories are in black and white.
You're so ugly, when you look in the mirror, your reflection looks away.
You're so stupid, you thought a "hard drive" was a difficult road trip.
You're so poor, you can't afford to pay your respects.
You're so fat, you have more chins than a Chinese phonebook.
You're so short, you have to cuff your socks.
You're so ugly, you could be a stunt double for a gargoyle.
You're so stupid, you think "software" is plastic cutlery.
You're so lazy, your blood type is "couch potato."
You're so fat, you have to grease the doorway to get inside.
You're so old, you walked into an antique store and they tried to sell you.
You're so ugly, you make Medusa look like a supermodel.
You're so stupid, you think "RAM" is the male version of a sheep.
You're so poor, you think a "GoFundMe" is a type of breakfast cereal.
You're so fat, your driver's license photo is a panorama.
You're so short, you have to use a trampoline to get into a monster truck.
You're so ugly, you could be the poster child for birth control.
You're so stupid, you think "Wi-Fi" is your wife's name.
You're so lazy, you're in a committed relationship with your bed.
You're so fat, you have your own zip code.
You're so old, your birthstone is a fossil.
You're so ugly, you could make a glass eye cry.
You're so stupid, you think a "firewall" is something you put in your fireplace.
You're so poor, you think a "balanced diet" is a cookie in each hand.
You're so fat, when you wear a white shirt, you look like a snow-covered mountain.
You're so short, you have to use a step stool to reach the bottom shelf.
You're so ugly, you could make a scarecrow run away.
You're so stupid, you think a "browser history" is a book about eyebrows.
You're so lazy, your motto is "procrastinate now, panic later."
I've seen salads that are dressed better than you.
You're not funny, but your life is a joke.
If you're going to be two-faced, at least make one of them pretty.
You're the reason they have to write "do not eat" on silica gel packets.
It's impossible to underestimate you.
You're the human equivalent of a screen door on a battleship.
You have a great face for the radio. And a great voice for silent films.
I'm not saying you're dumb, but if you were a superhero, your name would be Captain Obvious.
You're a gray sprinkle on a rainbow cupcake.
You're as sharp as a marble.
I'd love to have a battle of wits with you, but I don't fight unarmed opponents.
You're the reason the average life expectancy is what it is.
You're not the sharpest tool in the shed. You're not even a tool. You're in the wrong shed.
You're the human embodiment of the loading icon.
You're proof that God has a sense of humor.
You're as useful as a chocolate teapot.
You're the "I" in "stupid."
You're the reason we have warning labels.
You're not a complete idiot. Some parts are missing.
You're the human equivalent of a participation award.
You're a conversation starter. Not in a good way, but people do start talking about you when you leave.
You're the "before" picture in a "don't do drugs" ad.
You're the reason shampoo has instructions.
You're not a bad person, but you're a terrible everything else.
You're the human version of a dial-up tone.
You're the reason there's a middle finger.
You're not yourself today. I've noticed the improvement.
You're the reason we can't have nice things.
You're a prime example of why some animals eat their young.
You're the human equivalent of a pop-up ad.
You're not a total waste of space. You can be used as a bad example.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a chlorine treatment.
You're a few fries short of a Happy Meal.
You're not as dumb as you look. That would be impossible.
You're the human equivalent of a 404 error.
You're the reason we have the word "meh."
You're not a bad idea. You're just a bad execution of a bad idea.
You're the human equivalent of a speed bump on the highway of life.
You're the reason we have the phrase "bless your heart."
You're not a complete failure. You're a spectacular failure.
You're the human equivalent of a captcha test.
You're the reason we have the word "yikes."
You're not a clown. You're the entire circus.
You're the human equivalent of a "check engine" light.
You're the reason we have the word "oof."
You're not a lost cause. You're a no-cause.
You're the human equivalent of a "terms and conditions" page.
You're the reason we have the word "facepalm."
You're not a mess. You're a masterpiece of a mess.
You're the human equivalent of a "loading, please wait" message.
I'd call you a moron, but that would be an insult to morons.
You're the reason we have the word "cringe."
You're not just a tool. You're the whole toolbox.
You're the human equivalent of a "this page is not available" error.
You're the reason we have the word "awkward."
You're not just a pretty face. You're also a terrible personality.
You're the human equivalent of a "low battery" warning.
You're the reason we have the word "smh."
You're not just a bad apple. You're the whole rotten orchard.
You're the human equivalent of a "no signal" message.
You're the reason we have the word "bruh."
You're not just a clown. You're the entire comedy festival.
You're the human equivalent of a "connection lost" error.
You're the reason we have the word "welp."
You're not just a train wreck. You're a multi-car pile-up on the train tracks.
You're the human equivalent of a "please try again later" message.
You're the reason we have the word "sheesh."
You're not just a disaster. You're a natural disaster.
You're the human equivalent of a "server not found" error.
You're the reason we have the word "yikes" and "oof" and "smh" and "bruh" and "welp" and "sheesh."
If you were a spice, you'd be flour.
You're the type of person who would get stuck in a revolving door.
I'm not saying you're old, but your birth certificate is written in hieroglyphics.
You're so boring, you make watching paint dry seem like an extreme sport.
You're the human equivalent of a Monday morning.
You're so predictable, you're the plot of a Hallmark movie.
You're the reason aliens won't talk to us.
You're the human version of a song that's been overplayed on the radio.
You're so uncool, you make dad jokes seem edgy.
You're the reason the "skip ad" button was invented.
You're the human equivalent of a "read receipt."
You're so basic, you think vanilla is a spicy flavor.
You're the reason people prefer pets over people.
You're the human version of a "terms of service" agreement.
You're so lame, your spirit animal is a beige minivan.
You're the reason we have the "mute" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "no soliciting" sign.
You're so predictable, you're a spoiler alert for your own life.
You're the reason we have the "block" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "do not disturb" sign.
You're so boring, your life story is a one-word sentence: "and."
You're the reason we have the "unfollow" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "please hold" message.
You're so predictable, you're the "are you still watching?" prompt on Netflix.
You're the reason we have the "delete" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "your call is very important to us" recording.
You're so boring, your favorite color is clear.
You're the reason we have the "spam" folder.
You're the human equivalent of a "we are experiencing technical difficulties" message.
You're so predictable, you're the "lather, rinse, repeat" instructions on a shampoo bottle.
You're the reason we have the "report" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "this call may be recorded for quality assurance purposes" message.
You're so boring, your autobiography would be a pamphlet.
You're the reason we have the "archive" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "your session has expired" message.
You're so predictable, you're the "insert coin to continue" message on an arcade game.
You're the reason we have the "empty trash" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "please select all the images with traffic lights" captcha.
You're so boring, your life is a documentary about the history of dust.
You're the reason we have the "log out" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "this program is not responding" message.
You're so predictable, you're the "press any key to continue" prompt.
You're the reason we have the "power off" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "fatal error" message.
You're so boring, your life is a sleep aid.
You're the reason we have the "force quit" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "blue screen of death."
You're so predictable, you're the "are you sure you want to exit?" prompt.
You're the reason we have the "uninstall" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "the file you are trying to access has been deleted" message.
You're so boring, your life is a cure for insomnia.
You're the reason we have the "factory reset" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "your computer is at risk" warning.
You're so predictable, you're the "eject" button on a VCR.
You're the reason we have the "hard reset" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "the number you have dialed is no longer in service" message.
You're so boring, your life is a white noise machine.
You're the reason we have the "self-destruct" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "this is a test of the emergency broadcast system" message.
You're so predictable, you're the "dial tone."
You're the reason we have the "off" switch.
You're the human equivalent of a "busy signal."
You're so boring, your life is a screensaver.
You're the reason we have the "pull the plug" option.
You're the human equivalent of a "no service" message.
You're so predictable, you're the "static" on a TV screen.
You're the reason we have the "game over" screen.
If brains were dynamite, you wouldn't have enough to blow your hat off.
I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
You're the reason the bar for "average" is so low.
You're a puzzle with a few missing pieces. And the box. And the instructions.
You're so dull, you make a spoon look sharp.
You're the human embodiment of a participation certificate.
You bring everyone a lot of joy. When you leave the room.
You're the reason we have middle fingers.
I'd roast you, but I'm not allowed to burn plastic.
You're the kind of person who thinks the "blink" in blinker fluid is an adjective.
You're not a snack, you're the crumbs at the bottom of the bag.
You're so boring, you could be a guest speaker at a funeral.
You're the reason the shampoo bottle has directions.
You're so uncultured, you think yogurt is a country.
You're the human version of a "sent from my iPhone" signature.
You're so plain, you make a saltine cracker look exotic.
You're the reason we have the word "underwhelming."
You're the human equivalent of a "no parking" sign.
You're so predictable, you're the "I'm not a robot" checkbox.
You're the reason we have the "skip intro" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "this meeting could have been an email" email.
You're so basic, your favorite movie is the one you're currently watching.
You're the reason we have the "do not reply to this email" message.
You're the human equivalent of a "your free trial is about to expire" notification.
You're so predictable, you're the "I have read and agree to the terms and conditions" checkbox.
You're the reason we have the "unsubscribe" link.
You're the human equivalent of a "your password must contain at least one uppercase letter, one lowercase letter, one number, and one special character" requirement.
You're so boring, your favorite hobby is waiting.
You're the reason we have the "I'm not interested" option on surveys.
You're the human equivalent of a "your call may be monitored for training purposes" announcement.
You're so predictable, you're the "slide to unlock" feature.
You're the reason we have the "clear history" option.
You're the human equivalent of a "this call is being recorded" message.
You're so boring, your favorite activity is breathing.
You're the reason we have the "incognito mode."
You're the human equivalent of a "please rate your experience" pop-up.
You're so predictable, you're the "pull to refresh" feature.
You're the reason we have the "turn off notifications" option.
You're the human equivalent of a "we've updated our privacy policy" email.
You're so boring, your favorite food is water.
You're the reason we have the "do not track" option.
You're the human equivalent of a "your cookie settings" banner.
You're so predictable, you're the "accept all cookies" button.
You're the reason we have the "decline" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "this website uses cookies to improve your experience" message.
You're so boring, your favorite band is the sound of a fan.
You're the reason we have the "reject all" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "by continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies" message.
You're so predictable, you're the "cookie policy" link.
You're the reason we have the "close" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "this site is not secure" warning.
You're so boring, your favorite movie genre is "silent."
You're the reason we have the "back" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "your connection is not private" error.
You're so predictable, you're the "refresh" button.
You're the reason we have the "cancel" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "this page is not responding" message.
You're so boring, your favorite TV show is the test pattern.
You're the reason we have the "exit" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "this site can't be reached" error.
You're so predictable, you're the "home" button.
You're the reason we have the "end task" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "the server is not responding" message.
You're so boring, your favorite book is the dictionary.
You're the reason we have the "force stop" button.
You're the human equivalent of a "an unexpected error has occurred" message.
You're so predictable, you're the "scroll bar."
You're the reason we have the "clear cache" option.
You're the human equivalent of a "something went wrong" message.
You're so boring, your favorite game is "solitaire."
You're the reason we have the "delete cookies" option.
You're the human equivalent of a "oops, something went wrong" message.
You're so predictable, you're the "loading screen."
You're the reason we have the "clear data" option.
You're the human equivalent of a "we're sorry, but something went wrong" message.
You're so boring, your favorite song is the sound of silence.
You're the reason we have the "clear all data" option.
You're the human equivalent of a "an error has occurred, please try again later" message.
You're so predictable, you're the "buffering" icon.
You're the reason we have the "delete account" option.
You're the human equivalent of a "this feature is not available in your region" message.
You're so boring, your favorite art is a blank canvas.
You're the reason we have the "permanent delete" option.
You're the human equivalent of a "you are not authorized to view this page" error.
You're so predictable, you're the "spinning wheel of death."
You're the reason we have the "shred" option.
You're the human equivalent of a "access denied" message.
You're so boring, your favorite flavor is "plain."
You're the reason we have the "destroy" option.
You're the human equivalent of a "permission denied" error.
You're so predictable, you're the "progress bar" that never moves.
You're the reason we have the "self-destruct sequence."
You're the human equivalent of a "forbidden" error.
You're so boring, your favorite holiday is Tuesday.
You're the reason we have the "nuclear option."
You're the human equivalent of a "page not found" error.
You're so predictable, you're the "fine print."
You're the reason we have the "emergency exit."
You're the human equivalent of a "404 page."