What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
What's a secret you've never told anyone?
What's your biggest fear?
Who is your secret crush?
What's the last lie you told?
What's one thing you'd change about yourself?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
What's the most childish thing you still do?
What's the weirdest dream you've ever had?
Who do you text the most?
What's the longest you've gone without showering?
If you had to delete one app from your phone, which one would it be?
What's the cringiest post you've ever made on social media?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done?
What's a secret you've never told anyone?
What's your biggest fear?
Who is your secret crush?
What's the last lie you told?
What's one thing you'd change about yourself?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
What's the most childish thing you still do?
What's the weirdest dream you've ever had?
Who do you text the most?
What's the longest you've gone without showering?
If you had to delete one app from your phone, which one would it be?
What's the cringiest post you've ever made on social media?
Have you ever been in love with someone who didn't love you back?
What's the most trouble you've ever gotten into at school?
What's the most embarrassing nickname you've ever had?
Have you ever peed in a swimming pool?
What's the biggest lie you've ever told your parents?
What's a food you pretend to like but actually hate?
What's the most embarrassing thing your parents have caught you doing?
Have you ever snooped through someone's phone?
What's your biggest insecurity?
What's the most awkward date you've ever been on?
Have you ever ghosted someone?
What's a weird habit you have?
What's the strangest thing you've ever eaten?
Have you ever pretended to be sick to get out of something?
What's a song you secretly love but would be embarrassed if people knew?
What's the first thing you would do if you were the opposite gender for a day?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend's sibling?
What's the most you've ever spent on something you didn't need?
What's a movie that made you cry?
Have you ever stolen anything?
What's your guilty pleasure?
What's one thing you wish you were better at?
Have you ever practiced kissing in a mirror?
What's the most embarrassing text you've accidentally sent to the wrong person?
What's the biggest misconception people have about you?
Have you ever lied about your age?
What's the most embarrassing thing in your search history?
What's a secret talent you have?
Have you ever farted in a quiet room and blamed someone else?
What's the most embarrassing fashion choice you've ever made?
What's a word you can never spell correctly on the first try?
Have you ever had a crush on a teacher?
What's the weirdest thing you've ever Googled?
What's something you're secretly proud of?
Have you ever eaten food that fell on the floor?
What's a social situation you dread the most?
If you could trade lives with anyone in this group for a day, who would it be and why?
What's the silliest thing you have an emotional attachment to?
What's one thing you've done that you hope your parents never find out about?
What's the most ridiculous thing you've done to get a crush's attention?
Have you ever talked to yourself in the mirror?
What's the most you've ever eaten in one sitting?
What's your go-to karaoke song?
Have you ever tried to cut your own hair?
What's something you're terrible at but wish you were good at?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've worn in public?
What's a lie you told that spiraled out of control?
What's something you've never told your best friend?
Have you ever walked into a wall or a glass door?
What's the most embarrassing music you listen to?
What's the biggest rumor you've ever spread?
Have you ever picked your nose and gotten caught?
What's the weirdest food combination you enjoy?
What's a fear you had as a child that you still have?
Have you ever stalked someone on social media?
What's something you would never do for a million dollars?
What's the silliest thing that's ever made you cry?
Have you ever been caught talking about someone behind their back?
What's your most annoying habit?
What's the last thing you searched for on your phone?
Have you ever re-gifted a present?
What's the biggest secret you've kept from this group?
What's something you've done that you instantly regretted?
Have you ever lied on your resume?
What's a TV show you're embarrassed to admit you watch?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever done to impress someone?
Have you ever forgotten someone's name right after they told you?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done while drunk?
What's something you're really bad at cooking?
Have you ever had a paranormal experience?
What's a nickname you secretly hate?
What's the most embarrassing photo of you that exists?
Have you ever cheated in a game and gotten away with it?
What's a common misconception people have about your job or field of study?
What's the silliest reason you've ever gotten into an argument?
Have you ever sung loudly in your car and realized someone was watching?
What's something you're afraid to ask for?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've accidentally liked on social media?
Have you ever tried to use a fake ID?
What's a weird smell you secretly like?
What's a skill you pretend to have but don't?
Have you ever blamed a fart on a pet?
What's the most embarrassing thing to happen to you in a classroom?
What's the most ridiculous purchase you've ever made?
Have you ever had a crush on a fictional character?
What's something you've done that would make your mom disappointed?
What's the most embarrassing autocorrect fail you've had?
Have you ever been kicked out of a public place?
What's a food you've pretended to know how to pronounce but didn't?
What's the longest time you've spent watching a TV series in one go?
Have you ever told a secret you were supposed to keep?
What's a childish thing you still enjoy?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've said during a job interview?
Have you ever tried to impress someone and failed miserably?
What's the silliest thing you've cried over?
What's the most embarrassing thing on your bedroom floor right now?
Have you ever been caught daydreaming in an important meeting?
What's your most-used emoji?
Have you ever waved back at someone who wasn't waving at you?
What's a conspiracy theory you kind of believe in?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in front of a crowd?
Have you ever forgotten the lyrics to a song you were singing confidently?
What's the weirdest thing in your bag/pockets right now?
What's the most embarrassing assumption someone has made about you?
Have you ever laughed at a funeral or another inappropriate place?
What's a word you always mispronounce?
What's the most embarrassing thing your phone's predictive text has suggested?
Have you ever been so scared you screamed out loud?
What's a personal hygiene step you sometimes skip?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done for money?
Have you ever tried to fix something and made it worse?
What's a movie quote you use way too often?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've posted online?
Have you ever been the last person to get a joke?
What's the silliest thing you've ever been proud of?
What's a food you have to eat in a weird way?
Have you ever pretended to know what someone was talking about when you had no idea?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done on a first date?
What's the silliest thing you've searched for on YouTube?
Have you ever tried to lie your way out of a speeding ticket?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever tripped over?
What's a question you've always wanted to ask but were too scared to?
What's your biggest pet peeve?
If you had to describe your love life with a movie title, what would it be?
What's the weirdest thought you've had in the last hour?
Have you ever sent a risky text and immediately regretted it?
What's something you've done that you would never want to do again?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in a library?
What's a fashion trend you tried that you now regret?
Have you ever had a wardrobe malfunction in public?
What's the most embarrassing thing that has happened to you at the gym?
What's a food you could eat for the rest of your life?
Have you ever had a dream about someone in this group?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done to save money?
What's a celebrity you have a crush on that people would find weird?
Have you ever been caught checking yourself out in a reflection?
What's the silliest thing you've ever argued about with a partner?
What's a bad habit you're trying to break?
Have you ever been so tired you've hallucinated?
What's the most embarrassing ringtone you've ever had?
What's something you've done that you thought was cool but now realize was cringey?
Have you ever been on a really bad blind date?
What's the most embarrassing thing your voice has done (e.g., cracked, squeaked)?
What's a song that always makes you want to dance, no matter where you are?
Have you ever tried to be someone you're not to fit in?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a wedding?
What's the last thing that made you laugh so hard you cried?
Have you ever been caught singing in the shower?
What's a weird thing you collect?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in a quiet place?
Have you ever had a piece of food stuck in your teeth for a long time without knowing?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done while trying to be healthy?
What's something you're snobby about?
Have you ever had a crush on an animated character? Who?
What's the most embarrassing autocorrect you've sent your boss or a professor?
What's one thing you would never let your parents see in your room?
If you had to eat one food for a month, what would it be?
What's the silliest thing you've done when you were home alone?
What is your biggest turn-off?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done while on a video call?
What's a stupid injury you've had?
Have you ever been caught lying? What was the lie?
What's a reality TV show you secretly enjoy?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in front of your crush?
Have you ever forgotten an important anniversary or birthday?
What's something you are obsessed with?
What's the most embarrassing thing your smart speaker (Alexa, Google Home) has done?
Have you ever tried to show off and it backfired spectacularly?
What's a weird thing you've done in your sleep?
What is the most embarrassing thing you've ever bought?
Have you ever thought you were muted on a call but weren't?
What's the biggest kitchen fail you've ever had?
What's a compliment you've received that was actually kind of an insult?
Have you ever pushed a door that said "pull"?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've cried about?
What's something you did as a kid you thought was normal but now realize was weird?
Have you ever worn your clothes inside out without realizing it?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done as a dare?
What's a common phrase or word you didn't know the meaning of for a long time?
Have you ever had a public freak-out?
What's the most embarrassing gift you've ever received?
What's a situation where you had to pretend to like someone you couldn't stand?
Have you ever tried to be cool and it went horribly wrong?
What's the silliest thing you've believed for way too long?
What's the most embarrassing sound you've ever made?
Have you ever been caught doing something you weren't supposed to be doing at work?
What's the most embarrassing thing your pet has ever done in public?
What's a character flaw you're working on?
Have you ever been so lost you had to ask for help?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done on public transportation?
What's a weird food you've eaten when you were desperate?
Have you ever fallen asleep in a weird place?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in a movie theater?
What's a piece of advice you've given that you didn't follow yourself?
Have you ever been caught talking to an inanimate object?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done to get out of a ticket?
What's a book you pretended to have read but haven't?
Have you ever been called the wrong name and not corrected the person?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever said to a stranger?
What's a weird thing you're scared of?
Have you ever had a "senior moment" even though you're not a senior?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a party?
What's a song you know all the words to?
Have you ever been caught in a lie on social media?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done out of jealousy?
What's a goal you have that you haven't told anyone about?
Have you ever had a crush on someone significantly older or younger than you?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done because you were broke?
What's a belief you held that you now realize was completely wrong?
Have you ever been caught trying to take a sneaky photo of someone?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done to avoid someone?
What's a personal question you hate being asked?
Have you ever had an imaginary friend? What was their name?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a restaurant?
What's something you're procrastinating on right now?
Have you ever been fired from a job?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done while trying to be romantic?
What's a movie that everyone loves but you hate?
Have you ever been caught staring at someone?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in front of your family?
What's a skill you wish you had?
Have you ever had a dream that came true?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done on vacation?
What's something you're a sore loser about?
Have you ever been caught talking badly about a gift you received?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done to get attention?
What's a bad habit you picked up from your parents?
Have you ever been so angry you broke something?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a sleepover?
What's a weird thing that makes you happy?
Have you ever been caught cheating on a diet?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a friend's house?
What's a place you've been to that you would never go back to?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend's parent?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in a car?
What's a piece of gossip you know about someone in this group?
Have you ever been caught singing and dancing when you thought you were alone?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a beach?
What's a compliment you wish someone would give you?
Have you ever been caught telling a story that wasn't true?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a concert?
What's something you're secretly competitive about?
Have you ever been caught doing something gross?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a museum or art gallery?
What's a dream job you've had that you've never told anyone about?
Have you ever been caught talking to your pet like it's a person?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a theme park?
What's a fear you have that you know is irrational?
Have you ever been caught trying to take a "perfect" selfie?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a sporting event?
What's something you've learned that has changed your life?
Have you ever been caught making a funny face in the mirror?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a hotel?
What's a challenge you've overcome that you're proud of?
Have you ever been caught practicing a speech or presentation to an empty room?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in an elevator?
What's a mistake you've made that you've learned from?
Have you ever been caught trying on clothes that were not your style?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done in a fitting room?
What's a place you feel most like yourself?
Have you ever been caught trying to be a model in front of a mirror?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a grocery store?
What's a song that can always make you cry?
Have you ever been caught trying to do a magic trick?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a park?
What's a memory you'll never forget?
Have you ever been caught trying to do a dance move you saw online?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a pool?
What's a goal you want to achieve in the next year?
Have you ever been caught trying to imitate a celebrity?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a library?
What's something you're grateful for?
Have you ever been caught trying to speak a language you don't know?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a zoo?
What's a decision you've made that you're proud of?
Have you ever been caught trying to play a musical instrument you don't know how to play?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a farm?
What's a lesson you've learned the hard way?
Have you ever been caught trying to cook something you've never made before?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a campsite?
What's a quality you admire in others?
Have you ever been caught trying to build something without instructions?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a playground?
What's something that makes you feel powerful?
Have you ever been caught trying to draw something you can't draw?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a school dance?
What's a book that has had a big impact on you?
Have you ever been caught trying to write a story or a poem?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a school play?
What's a movie that has changed your perspective on something?
Have you ever been caught trying to code or program something?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a science fair?
What's a historical event you wish you could have witnessed?
Have you ever been caught trying to do a science experiment at home?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a math competition?
What's a piece of art that has moved you?
Have you ever been caught trying to solve a complex puzzle?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a spelling bee?
What's a place you've always wanted to travel to?
Have you ever been caught trying to learn a new skill online?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a debate competition?
What's a cause you're passionate about?
Have you ever been caught trying to start a new hobby?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done at a public speaking event?
What's something that makes you feel hopeful?
Have you ever faked an emergency to get out of a situation?
What is your biggest regret in life so far?
Who is the one person you would do anything for?
What is the most illegal thing you have ever done?
What's something you've done that you would consider 'out of character'?
What's the meanest thing you've ever said to someone?
If you had one day left to live, what would you do?
What's the most money you've ever wasted?
Have you ever been in a physical fight?
What is the most overrated movie in your opinion?
What's a rumor you've heard about yourself?
Have you ever had a one-night stand?
What's the most embarrassing thing you own?
Who is the most annoying person you know?
What's the biggest secret you're keeping from your partner? (If you have one)
Have you ever lied to your best friend? About what?
What's the most disgusting habit you have?
What's the worst advice you've ever given?
Have you ever been so angry you wanted to hurt someone?
What's the most you've ever lied to get a job?
What's something you find attractive that most people don't?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend's significant other?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done for love?
What's a lie you tell yourself regularly?
Have you ever considered cheating on a partner?
What's the worst gift you've ever given someone?
What's a part of your body you secretly hate?
Have you ever stolen from a friend or family member?
What's the most selfish thing you've ever done?
What's something you do that you think nobody knows about?
If you could erase one memory from your life, what would it be?
What's the worst date you've ever been on?
Have you ever lied about your feelings to protect someone?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever said in bed?
What's a double standard you hold?
Have you ever had a romantic dream about someone you shouldn't have?
What's the most desperate thing you've done for attention?
What's a prejudice you hold that you're not proud of?
Have you ever intentionally sabotaged someone?
What's the most expensive thing you've broken?
What's a family secret you're not supposed to share?
Have you ever faked being happy for someone else's success?
What's the most toxic relationship you've ever been in?
What's something you've done that you feel guilty about to this day?
Have you ever had a moment where you realized you were the bad guy?
What's the most immature way you've handled a breakup?
What's an opinion you have that you're afraid to share?
Have you ever used someone for personal gain?
What's the worst thing a partner has ever said to you?
What's a mistake your parents made that you're afraid of repeating?
Have you ever been attracted to someone purely because they were "bad" for you?
What's the most embarrassing reason you've ever cried in public?
What's a physical feature you find most attractive in a person?
Have you ever faked an orgasm?
What's the last thing that made you feel truly jealous?
What's a secret you've never told your siblings?
Have you ever played a cruel prank on someone?
What's the most embarrassing way you've been rejected?
What's a friendship you've ruined?
Have you ever felt relieved when someone canceled plans?
What's the biggest lie you've ever put on a dating profile?
What's the worst physical pain you've ever been in?
What's an insecurity that has held you back?
Have you ever had a crush on someone who was completely unavailable?
What's the most passive-aggressive thing you've ever done?
What's a secret you're keeping from your parents right now?
Have you ever broken up with someone for a really shallow reason?
What's the most you've ever judged someone based on their appearance?
What's something you've done that you would be ashamed of if it went public?
Have you ever been the "other person" in a relationship?
What's the most manipulative thing you've ever done?
What's a personal failure you have a hard time admitting?
Have you ever been happy about someone else's misfortune?
What's the most cringey romantic gesture you've ever made?
What's a lie you've told on a first date?
Have you ever ignored a friend in need?
What's the biggest red flag you've ever ignored in a relationship?
What's a secret you think your friends are keeping from you?
Have you ever lied to get out of trouble with the law?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done to get a good grade?
What's a moment you felt like a complete fraud?
Have you ever made a promise you knew you couldn't keep?
What's the most hurtful thing you've ever said to your parents?
What's a time you were completely wrong about someone?
Have you ever stayed in a relationship for the wrong reasons?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done while trying to be sexy?
What's a secret you've found out about someone by accident?
Have you ever pretended to have a different personality online?
What's the most you've ever changed yourself for someone else?
What's a time you let your ego get the best of you?
Have you ever been so embarrassed you wanted to disappear?
What's the last thing you did that you knew was a bad idea?
What's a secret that, if it got out, would ruin you?
What's the biggest secret you've kept from your best friend?
What's the one thing you'd do if you knew there were no consequences?
What is a secret you've never told your parents?
What's the most illegal thing you've ever done?
Who is the person you are most jealous of?
What's the biggest lie you've ever told?
Have you ever cheated on a significant other?
What is the worst thing you've ever said to someone?
What is your biggest regret?
Have you ever stolen something? What was it?
What is a secret you have that could ruin someone's life?
What's the most embarrassing thing you've ever done to get someone's attention?
What is the one secret you would never tell anyone in this room?
Have you ever lied to get out of a serious situation?
What is the most disgusting thing you have ever done?
What is a secret dream you've never shared with anyone?
What's the most you've ever manipulated someone?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend's partner?
What is the most shameful thing you've ever done?
What's a secret fantasy you have?
Have you ever thought about breaking the law in a major way?
What is the biggest insecurity you have?
What is the worst thing you have ever done at work?
Have you ever betrayed a friend?
What is a secret about your family you would never share?
What is the most you've ever lied about on your resume?
Have you ever pretended to be someone else online?
What's the meanest prank you've ever pulled?
What is a secret you're keeping from your partner right now?
What is the most you have ever stalked an ex?
Have you ever sabotaged someone's relationship?
What's a secret you think no one could ever guess about you?
What is the most expensive thing you've ever stolen?
Have you ever lied about a serious illness?
What's the biggest secret you know about someone else?
Have you ever had a secret romantic encounter?
What's the most you have ever lied to your parents about?
What is a secret goal you have for your life?
Have you ever done something to get a coworker fired?
What's the most you have ever lied about your past?
What is a secret that could get you into legal trouble?
Have you ever faked an injury for attention or personal gain?
What is the biggest secret you've kept from everyone in this room?
Have you ever had a secret relationship?
What's the most you have ever lied about your finances?
What's a secret hobby you have that no one knows about?
Have you ever spread a rumor that you knew was false?
What is the biggest secret you would keep from your children?
Have you ever read someone's diary or private messages without them knowing?
What's a secret ambition you're too scared to pursue?
Have you ever stolen money from a family member?
What is the biggest secret you have ever learned about a stranger?
Have you ever secretly wished for something bad to happen to someone?
What's a secret you have about your professional life?
Have you ever lied in a court of law?
What is the most you have ever done to get revenge?
What's a secret fear that controls your life?
Have you ever secretly recorded a conversation?
What is the biggest secret you have about your health?
Have you ever cheated in a competition and won?
What's a secret about your education or qualifications that you hide?
Have you ever secretly broken something and blamed it on someone else?
What's the biggest secret you have about your love life?
Have you ever had a secret online persona?
What's the most you have ever done to fit in with a group?
What is a secret you have that would disappoint your parents the most?
Have you ever secretly donated a large sum of money?
What's the biggest secret you have about your past relationships?
Have you ever secretly followed someone?
What is the biggest secret you have about your future plans?
Have you ever secretly wished you were someone else?
What's the biggest secret you have about your online activities?
Have you ever secretly undermined a friend's success?
What's a secret belief you hold that is contrary to your public image?
Have you ever secretly helped someone you were supposed to be competing against?
What's the biggest secret you have about your finances?
Have you ever secretly wished to run away and start a new life?
What's a secret you have about your creative work?
Have you ever secretly broken a rule that had serious consequences?
What's the biggest secret you have about your feelings for someone in this room?
Have you ever secretly practiced a skill to surprise everyone?
What's a secret you have about an encounter with a celebrity?
Have you ever secretly wished you could trade families with someone?
What's the biggest secret you have about your travels?
Have you ever secretly learned a language?
What's a secret you have about a paranormal experience?
Have you ever secretly written a letter to someone you couldn't send?
What's the biggest secret you have about your childhood?
Have you ever secretly entered a contest?
What's a secret you have about your biggest failure?
Have you ever secretly wished for a different life path?
What's the biggest secret you have about your biggest success?
Have you ever secretly been a member of a club or society?
What's a secret you have about your favorite work of art?
Have you ever secretly met a hero of yours?
What's the biggest secret you have about your political views?
Have you ever secretly voted for a candidate you publicly opposed?
What's a secret you have about your religious beliefs?
Have you ever secretly attended a religious service of a different faith?
What's the biggest secret you have about your ethical code?
Have you ever secretly violated your own moral principles?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with technology?
Have you ever secretly unplugged for an extended period?
What's the biggest secret you have about your diet and exercise habits?
Have you ever secretly trained for a marathon?
What's a secret you have about your sleep patterns?
Have you ever secretly pulled an all-nighter for fun?
What's the biggest secret you have about your dreams and nightmares?
Have you ever secretly kept a dream journal?
What's a secret you have about your sense of humor?
Have you ever secretly found something hilarious that was deeply inappropriate?
What's the biggest secret you have about your taste in music?
Have you ever secretly attended a concert for a band you publicly dislike?
What's a secret you have about your taste in movies?
Have you ever secretly watched a movie you claim to hate multiple times?
What's the biggest secret you have about your taste in books?
Have you ever secretly read a genre of book you make fun of?
What's a secret you have about your taste in fashion?
Have you ever secretly worn an outfit you would never be caught dead in publicly?
What's the biggest secret you have about your home decor?
Have you ever secretly owned a piece of furniture or art that is completely out of character?
What's a secret you have about your car or mode of transportation?
Have you ever secretly given your car a name?
What's the biggest secret you have about your pet?
Have you ever secretly trained your pet to do a trick no one knows about?
What's a secret you have about your plants or garden?
Have you ever secretly talked to your plants?
What's the biggest secret you have about your cooking skills?
Have you ever secretly passed off a store-bought dish as your own?
What's a secret you have about your drinking habits?
Have you ever secretly made a cocktail you invented yourself?
What's the biggest secret you have about your smoking habits?
Have you ever secretly tried to quit?
What's a secret you have about your gambling habits?
Have you ever secretly won a large sum of money?
What's the biggest secret you have about your social media habits?
Have you ever secretly unfollowed someone in real life?
What's a secret you have about your online dating life?
Have you ever secretly gone on a date with someone you met online and never told anyone?
What's the biggest secret you have about your friendships?
Have you ever secretly ended a friendship without telling the other person?
What's a secret you have about your romantic relationships?
Have you ever secretly written a love letter?
What's the biggest secret you have about your family relationships?
Have you ever secretly reconciled with a family member?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your parents?
Have you ever secretly done something to make them proud?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your siblings?
Have you ever secretly defended them?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your children?
Have you ever secretly eaten their candy?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your boss?
Have you ever secretly admired them?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your coworkers?
Have you ever secretly helped one of them with a project?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your neighbors?
Have you ever secretly borrowed a cup of sugar?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your mail carrier?
Have you ever secretly left them a gift?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your barista?
Have you ever secretly paid for the person behind you?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your hairdresser?
Have you ever secretly hated your haircut?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your doctor?
Have you ever secretly lied about your symptoms?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your therapist?
Have you ever secretly not done your homework?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your personal trainer?
Have you ever secretly eaten a donut after a workout?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your yoga instructor?
Have you ever secretly fallen asleep during Savasana?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your meditation guide?
Have you ever secretly thought about your grocery list?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your spiritual advisor?
Have you ever secretly questioned your beliefs?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your financial advisor?
Have you ever secretly made a risky investment?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your lawyer?
Have you ever secretly disagreed with their advice?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your accountant?
Have you ever secretly found a loophole?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your mechanic?
Have you ever secretly tried to fix your own car?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your plumber?
Have you ever secretly used a plunger?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your electrician?
Have you ever secretly changed a lightbulb?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your contractor?
Have you ever secretly painted a room?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your landscaper?
Have you ever secretly planted a flower?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your pool cleaner?
Have you ever secretly skimmed the pool?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your house cleaner?
Have you ever secretly dusted?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your dog walker?
Have you ever secretly walked your own dog?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your pet sitter?
Have you ever secretly stayed home with your pet?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your baby sitter?
Have you ever secretly come home early?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your child's teacher?
Have you ever secretly done their homework?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your child's coach?
Have you ever secretly cheered for the other team?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your child's friends' parents?
Have you ever secretly judged their parenting?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your own friends' parents?
Have you ever secretly had a crush on one of them?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your partner's parents?
Have you ever secretly disagreed with them?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your partner's siblings?
Have you ever secretly liked them more than your partner?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your partner's friends?
Have you ever secretly thought they were a bad influence?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your own exes?
Have you ever secretly stalked them on social media?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your partner's exes?
Have you ever secretly compared yourself to them?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your celebrity crushes?
Have you ever secretly written them a fan letter?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your fictional character crushes?
Have you ever secretly wished they were real?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your historical figure crushes?
Have you ever secretly read their biography?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your personal heroes?
Have you ever secretly tried to emulate them?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your personal villains?
Have you ever secretly empathized with them?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your own past self?
Have you ever secretly forgiven them?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your own future self?
Have you ever secretly made them a promise?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your own body?
Have you ever secretly admired it?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your own mind?
Have you ever secretly been in awe of it?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with your own heart?
Have you ever secretly followed it?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with your own soul?
Have you ever secretly listened to it?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with the universe?
Have you ever secretly felt connected to it?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with time?
Have you ever secretly wished for more of it?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with space?
Have you ever secretly dreamed of exploring it?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with reality?
Have you ever secretly questioned it?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with dreams?
Have you ever secretly tried to control them?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with fate?
Have you ever secretly defied it?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with destiny?
Have you ever secretly embraced it?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with love?
Have you ever secretly been afraid of it?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with hate?
Have you ever secretly let it go?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with joy?
Have you ever secretly sought it?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with sadness?
Have you ever secretly welcomed it?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with anger?
Have you ever secretly understood it?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with fear?
Have you ever secretly faced it?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with courage?
Have you ever secretly found it?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with hope?
Have you ever secretly clung to it?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with despair?
Have you ever secretly overcome it?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with life?
Have you ever secretly celebrated it?
What's the biggest secret you have about your relationship with death?
Have you ever secretly accepted it?
What's a secret you have about your relationship with the truth?
Have you ever secretly told it?
